Grandpa, your identity is already in doubt
This will have to wait for Expert Sun and Family Master Liu to arrive
To verify
Even if this tower is really yours
Then you can't give it to the Jiang family unconditionally?
Why rely on the fact that the Jiang family is a wealthy family in Yunzhou?
It is your pleasure to have a good relationship with him.
Just because of my sister's kindness to you
You should repay the kindness
Just rely on Jiang Shao
It's the big brother you can't afford to offend in your life
You should give him what he likes
inflammatory tendency
What is flattery
You want to be someone else's lackey
Don't hurt me
A mere 200 million want to pick up the leak
Really think
Is this king's exquisite tower made of gold?
It's not an old thing. Where the hell did you come from?
Really consider yourself a king
Don't blame your son so much.
Son, what's wrong with you?
I am out of control
What? How?
Swallowing mountains and rivers with anger is the universe
Dingsheng Tianqiong refractive cover outer moon
Bong Wen, I have a tower
Return can be received in the palm of your hand.
Secret Ride
I have a tower
Into my shake
Shock Kyushu
Casinos are rare treasures
The price of a golden tower has doubled
The second transformation shape is even more difficult to change
Is this a god?
joke
That's a lot of gold.
What's more, this is a baby that can get bigger and smaller.
I can't afford it.
How about Chengcheng make a price?
Let me see the famous families in Yunzhou
How hard it feels